h2. Technical test for interviewing Ruby developer

Graphical editors allow users to edit images in the same way text editors let us modify documents.
Images are represented as an M x N array of pixels with each pixel given colour.

Produce a program that simulates a simple interactive graphical editor.

h3. Input

The input consists of a line containing a sequence of commands. Each command is represented by a single capital letter
at the start of the line. Arguments to the command are separated by spaces and follow the command character.

Pixel co-ordinates are represented by a pair of integers: 1) a column number between 1 and M, and 2) a row number
between 1 and N. Where 1 <= M, N <= 250. The origin sits in the upper-left of the table.Colours are specified by capital letters.

h3. Commands

The editor supports 7 commands:

# *I M N* - Create a new M x N image with all pixels coloured white (O).
# *C* - Clears the table, setting all pixels to white (O).
# *L X Y C* - Colours the pixel (X,Y) with colour C.
# *V X Y1 Y2 C* - Draw a vertical segment of colour C in column X between rows Y1 and Y2 (inclusive).
# *H X1 X2 Y C* - Draw a horizontal segment of colour C in row Y between columns X1 and X2 (inclusive).
# *F X Y C* - Fill the region R with the colour C. R is defined as: Pixel (X,Y) belongs to R. Any other pixel which is the same colour as (X,Y) and shares a common side with any pixel in R also belongs to this region.
# *S* - Show the contents of the current image
# *X* - Terminate the session

h3. Example

In the example below, > denotes input, => denotes program output.

<pre><code> > I 5 6
 > L 2 3 A
 > S
 OOOOO
 OOOOO
 OAOOO
 OOOOO
 OOOOO
 OOOOO
 > F 3 3 J
 > V 2 3 4 W
 > H 3 4 2 Z
 > S
 JJJJJ
 JJZZJ
 JWJJJ
 JWJJJ
 JJJJJ
 JJJJJ
</code></pre>

h3. Submission

We prefer submissions in Ruby although if this is a problem please contact us. It is not compulsory to
submit a fully completed answer within the time allowed.

Please provide an executable solution with any source files in a common archive format (ZIP, RAR, TAR
etc.).

h3. License

Copyright (c) 2010 [PavelTyk]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
